Guys do you know there is such a way
with the help of which you can add subtitle to your YouTube videos
automatically, that too in any language, for free, within a minute without the help of any 3rd party tool.
How? Thats what I am going to tell you in this video.
But watch the whole video because it is going to be a goldmine.
Well, shall we start?
What's up guys, my name is Anirban, welcome to Teaching Monk
without further adieu let me take you to my computer and show you how it is done.
The first thing we are going to do is open a browser, which ever is your favorite browser.
Then will go to studio.youtube.com
By the way the method I am going to show you, with the help of which you can add subtitle in any language, without any third party tool,
you will be able to do that from within YouTube studio, you will not have to go to any third party tool.
Let's now visit studio.youtube.com The first thing you have to do is to go to "Content"
whichever video you want to add the subtitle to, for eg let's take this one.
To add it what do you do typically? You go to subtitle here right? You don't have to go here
You have to go to this subtitle.
Go to this subtitle. After clicking this subtitle you will notice you have a "Hindi language automatic"
In such a situation if you click the "Add Language" button, you will see many language.
Means any language, if you want to add in Punjabi, or in Bengali, or in Hindi, or in Arabic, or in Chinese, you can add them all.
But there is a problem and the problem is.. For eg here let us try to add Punjabi.
As soon as we try to add Punjabi, then say "Add". After clicking add this window that opens up, note that the "Auto translate" is greyed out
that means we cannot click it. But there is a way to switch it on.
Guys I got this accidentally, I didn't learn it anywhere I got this accidentally. So I thought I would share this with you guys.
There is a way to switch it on. And if we can somehow switch it on, then all our subtitles will become automatic. In any language, without any 3rd Party tool.
Now let's cross this first. First of all we will have to understand "why is it not allowing us to add in Punjabi?".
It is not allowing us to add it because in order to add it, YouTube wants us to have a base subtitle. Base subtitle means a subtitle based on which it will translate it to other languages.
That is a base subtitle. And that base subtitle cannot be automatic. That should be written by you.
Here we have Hindi, but that is automatic and it does not want automatic. But what we want is to make a duplicate of this Hindi subtitle, which
YouTube doesn't consider as automatic
To do that is very simple. Let's click "Duplicate".
Here you can see we have Hindi subtitle. You may want to read and make any changes if you want, then click "Publish"
What really happened by clicking publish, is that we now have another Hindi subtitle. But it is not automatic. This will play the role of a base subtitle.
It will play the role of a base subtitle, it will not be treated as automatic. I mean in the eyes of YouTube Studio.
Now if you want you can add in Punjabi. Now when you try to add in Punjabi, you will notice the "Auto translate" is available.
Now all you have to do is to click this button, and notice that the whole thing has come block by block in written in Punjabi in 1 minute, not even a minute, in just 15 sec.
Now just publish this. As soon as you publish it your Punjabi subtitle is ready.
Now if you want add Hindi, or Kanada or Malayalam or Gujrati or Bengali or any other language you want
With in 5 minutes you can add 10 languages. 10 or even 15 languages.
You didn't need any third party tool, you didn't have to pay anyone, you needed nothing else, you got it done here itself.
So guys when I was making this video I searched the internet to find if anyone else has shown this method.
Honestly guys I didn't find anyone else showing this method, so this method has appeared on this video for the first time.
For that this video deserves a like, share and comment. And please don't leave without subscribing.
So that you guys get similar videos. The video is not over yet, I have to play it for you first.
After adding this Punjabi subtitle, let's come back a step,
then click this video, then by clicking this let us play this.
After switching on the video you can notice the Hindi subtitle is of course coming, but if we click the cog-wheel
and go to subtitles and notice that the Punjabi subtitle has also come.
And believe me you can add Bengali, Gujrati and others.
Now choose Punjabi, notice that Punjabi subtitles are showing up. Now let me play this
[video plays]
Now see Punjabi is showing up.
This is how you can add subtitles very easily, automatic, in any language, for free without any 3rd party tool
I hope you liked this video, with that let us end this video. Do like share and comment on this video. And please don't leave without subscribing. See you in the next video.